Document steps to disable Private Link for tenant migration (#3109)
MicrosoftDocs/fabric-docs: docs/security/security-private-links-use.md

If you're going to disable the Private Link setting, it's recommended to do so during nonbusiness hours. It might take up to 15 minutes of downtime for some scenarios to reflect the change. 

## Disable Private Link for tenant migration

> If you have tenant-level private link, it needs to be fully cleaned up before [tenant migration](/power-bi/support/service-admin-region-move). Follow the below steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have tenant-level private link, clean it up fully before [tenant migration](/power-bi/support/service-admin-region-move). Follow these steps:
```

1. In the Fabric portal enable public internet access: **Power BI => Admin portal => Tenant settings => Public Internet Access**

> 1. In the Azure portal delete all associated private endpoints you created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Azure portal delete all associated private endpoints you created.
```

> 1. In the Azure portal delete all corresponding private DNS zones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Azure portal delete all corresponding private DNS zones.
```

4. **Azure portal** - Delete the private link service `Microsoft.PowerBI/privateLinkServicesForPowerBI`. There should be only one. Turn on "Show hidden types" when exploring Resource Groups.
5. **Fabric portal** - Disable tenant-level private link `Power BI => Admin portal => Tenant settings => Tenant-level Private Link`

> 

Reviewer: Both of the Copilot auto checks are correct and should be incorporated, but it looks like the suggestions can't be committed because "this autofix suggestion is now outdated." 

Please incorporate the following changes:

```suggestion
## Disable Private Link for tenant migration

If you have tenant-level private link, fully clean it up before [tenant migration](/power-bi/support/service-admin-region-move). Follow these steps:

 1. In the Fabric portal, enable public internet access: **Power BI** > **Admin portal** > **Tenant settings** > **Public Internet Access**.
 1. In the Azure portal, delete all associated private endpoints you created.
 1. In the Azure portal, delete all corresponding private DNS zones.
 1. In the Azure portal, delete the private link service `Microsoft.PowerBI/privateLinkServicesForPowerBI`. There should be only one. Turn on **Show hidden types** when you view resource groups.
 1. In the Fabric portal, disable tenant-level Private Link: **Power BI** > **Admin portal** > **Tenant settings** > **Tenant-level Private Link**.

```

Reviewer: Hi @kernanb, please see this last comment and accept the changes if all looks OK. Then I can sign off .
